test_runner: add cwd option to run (#54705)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

  - v18.9.0
  - v16.19.0
changes:
  - version: REPLACEME

>     pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54225

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/54705
```

    parallel.
    If `false`, it would only run one test file at a time.
    **Default:** `false`.
  * `cwd`: {string} Specifies the current working directory to be used by the test runner.

>     The cwd serves as the base path for resolving files according to the [test runner execution model][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This value serves as the base path for resolving files according to the [test runner execution model][].
```
